[GitHub Desktop] Add procedure for deleting tags (#3045)
github/docs: content/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/managing-tags.md

3. All tags associated with the commit are visible in that commit's metadata.
![Viewing a tag in the commit](/assets/images/help/desktop/viewing-tags-in-commit.png)

### Deleting tags

{% note %}

> **Note**: You can only delete tags associated with unpushed commits.

Reviewer: It might be nice to avoid "unpushed". How about:

```suggestion
**Note**: You can only delete tags associated with commits that have not yet been pushed.
```

Author: I think this is much more clear. Thanks!
